And will come back let's install kit for Windows for this.
We picked the official guide for windows all over which we find we are by our group.
After you click on the first result it starts to download immediately.
I'll close this because I've already downloaded.
And let's start the install.
This is the usual text and terms you'll see if installed software hit next here.
Just leave the default directory.
Here we also leave everything.
Yes we wanna call it.
Get home.
What is this.
Hey you can choose your default editor which would be used for either team to dot get configuration
files.
In our case because you supplied text we will also select supplied text here.
Oh what happened happens now the next part got to say will just hit back and next and your gets to the
next part of the game.
Seems like a little park but it worked it this way here can choose what you want to install to get comment
for.
I would highly recommend to choose this option this makes.
Also to get a comment on the table in your windows command prompt.
You have also the option you get for get bash only because with this installer also to get beshe get
installed and the last one you see here a red alert.
You shouldn't choose this because you have to be really sure what you're doing.
So we just leave the second option and go with this one.
Yes we also want to use this library and check out Windows style comment unique style line and things.
What does this mean.
Well if you work on a project which would be mainly built with a Unix like system like Mac or Linux
you would have problems because Windows Thorus the line and things in a different way than a Unix machine
would do it.
So you want to choose the first option here.
This will also make for you possible to work on files which were build up with Unix style systems.
So next here yes we also want to use min t t y terminal because it's default mode.
Yes we also want to enable the file caching and the credential manager.
This is a very useful tool for good.
No we just don't want any experience by now.
Just hit install.
So let me fast forward this for you.
That you don't have to wait.
All right.
It's finished enough though we don't want to fuel the release notes at the finish.
Let me close this.
And now let's look if it gets installed probably by hitting the command get the ash the ash version.
You will see the installed version on the system.
All right get version two point nineteen point one.
Point windows.
Point one looks like that it worked.
Now to really be sure that this has already worked.
Let's clone the repo.
I would choose one repo which I made.
And let's go with the shopping cart.
Copy to clipboard.
Come let me minimize this.
And now let's move into the directory which are already prepared to get demo and get clone right click
would automatically paste the link in the command prompt.
Hit enter and all right it worked.
Now let's change into this directory and let us make a little change so that we can come cam committed
to the actual the Commons for changing into a directory and not get open with my studio code.
Now let's make a little change get it done today.
This seems to be really important.
Adding three exclamation marks.
Let me save this and close it again.
Now let's check.
Why get status right.
In the Stone Age him l.
Now let's add it to our commet list with.
Get home at.
Thought you were at it and get commit Desch and x x collimation marks.
Can't type today.
All right.
And now let's try to push it and try it out if it really work as expected.
You push or read Jam Master.
All right.
It seems to be worked.
Let's stop to double check it in my report.
Let me refresh this.
All right explanation marks with an exclamation mark because it's really important.
Twenty six seconds to go.
Looks like it worked.
And this is how you install it on Windows.
And the next lecture we gonna talk about how to install no ts on the Windows machines.
I'll see the next one.